CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

Contributing
=====

License
-----

[MIT](https://raw.github.com/gocom/git-draft/master/LICENSE).

Versioning
----

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

Development environment
-----

The project uses Docker containers and docker-compose to provide development
environment, and Makefile is used to wrap commands. No other dependencies need
to be installed to the host machine other than Docker and Make.

Development
-----

For available commands, see:

```shell
$ make help
```

Coding style
-----

To verify that your additions follows coding style, run:

```shell
$ make lint
```

Configure git
-----

For convenience your committer, git user, should be linked to your GitHub
account:

```shell
$ git config --global user.name "John Doe"
$ git config --global user.email john.doe@example.com
```

Make sure to use an email address that is linked to your GitHub account. It can
be a throwaway address, or you can use GitHub's email protection features. We
don't want your emails, but this is to make sure we know who did what. All
commits nicely link to their author, instead of them coming
from ``foobar@invalid.tld``.

Commit message:

Omit abort on conflict skipping, if no cherry-pick is in progress
Checks whether any reverts or cherry-picks are in progress,
when user answers Yes to the "Continue from the next commit (Yes/no)?"
prompt when a the process runs into a merge conflict.

If there is no active revery or cherry-pick in progress, expect
that the conflict has been resolved by the user and continue
to the next commit without abort.

Previous, answering Yes, would invoke abort command, which would
fail if the user had already resolved conflicts. The previous workflow
expected that the user would answer no, and then run the git-draft
command again after the conflict had been resolved.

Now with this change, running the command again isn't necessary,
and it's enough to keep git-draft open on the background.

Closes #6

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

Contributing
=====

License
-----

[MIT](https://raw.github.com/gocom/git-draft/master/LICENSE).

Versioning
----

[Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

Development environment
-----

The project uses Docker containers and docker-compose to provide development
environment, and Makefile is used to wrap commands. No other dependencies need
to be installed to the host machine other than Docker and Make.

Development
-----

For available commands, see:

```shell
$ make help
```

Running linter and tests
-----

To verify that your additions follow coding style and to execute tests, run:

```shell
$ make test
```

Configure git
-----

For convenience your committer, git user, should be linked to your GitHub
account:

```shell
$ git config --global user.name "John Doe"
$ git config --global user.email john.doe@example.com
```

Make sure to use an email address that is linked to your GitHub account. It can
be a throwaway address, or you can use GitHub's email protection features. We
don't want your emails, but this is to make sure we know who did what. All
commits nicely link to their author, instead of them coming
from ``foobar@invalid.tld``.
